Alan(Xutong) Zhao
Yue Ma

Part2 running procedure:
	- Go into the client_soln_part2_base directory and make upload. Select the port by arduino-port-select command if no port is detected.
	- Go back to the part2 directory and run the server by python3 server.py

	
Acknowledgement: - I used graph.py and minheap.py that our profs developed in class.
		- I essentially used the read_city_graph() that I wrote for a previous
		weekly exercise.
		- I applied the same idea of Dijkstra to construct least_cost_path() 
		function, as well as the idea of handshake process, which my partner
		and I wrote for a CMPUT 274 assignment, to construct the communication
		portion of this program. 
		- I used some parts of the textserial.py to construct my setup portion and route finding process. (e.g. line = ser.readline())
		- I used built-in funcitons found at arduino.cc/en/Reference/HomePage.

MinHeap Note: Nodes are key-value pairs, stored in an array. The first element of 
	the pair is the key, the second is the value. However, in order to decide 
	the position of a node on the tree, the KEY is compared with other keys.
	I initially set the node in ((prev, curr), dist) format where (prev, curr) 
	is the key and dist is the value, but it is the value of prev that determines
	the relative position. For instance, ((2,3),0) is below ((1,3),1), i.e. the 
	min is ((1,3),1). Therefore, I changed the format to ((dist, prev, curr), None)
	where (dist, prev, curr) is the key with no value paired with it. 

Error note: occasionally this error below occurs:
	
			  File "~/driving_route_finder/part2/minheap.py", line 31, in pop_min
    			r = self._array[0]
			IndexError: list index out of range
			
			Don't worry just ignore this error message and re-run the code.. 

We implemented a driving route finder (like Google Maps) for the Edmonton area. The application will involve a combination of the Arduino (as client) and a python app (as server) on a desktop computer. The user will be able to scroll around with a joystick on a zoomable map of Edmonton and select a start and end point for their route. The Arduino client will communicate these points to the python server, which has all of the street information for Edmonton. The server application finds the shortest path (by distance along the path) and returns the waypoints of this path to the Arduino client. The Arduino will then display the path as lines overlaid on the original map. The user can then repeatedly query new points via the Arduino to receive new routes. For part 1, our app communicates via stdin and stdout.

For part 1 we implemented the following portions:
1. Routines for building the graph by reading the provided text file.
2. A cost function for computing edge weights.
3. A routine for computing least cost paths efficiently.
4. A python route finding server that accepts route finding requests and provides paths through the specified protocol.  For part 1, your app will communicate via stdin and stdout. For part 2, it will communicate with your Arduino.
5. Augment the provided Arduino client program so that it sends a request to the route finding server and then receives the route data from the server.
6. Displaying the route on the Arduino overlaid on the map